hello	good afternoon.
transport issues	What issues are you facing?
timings of buses leaving from jammu to udhampur	3 buses leave.
details please	1.(9:00 AM) 2.(12:00 AM) 3.(3:00PM).
Can i know the fare charges?	Sure, 1.(9:00AM) - 150rs/-.  2.(12:00PM)-200rs/-   3.(3:00PM) - 320RS/-
Are there any primo buses or volvos?	NO. But they do run from jammu to other states.
THANK YOU	BYE! HAVE A NICE DAY
water issues	What issues are you facing?
how to get water supply at my residence?	You can get water supply by filling up a form for new water connection from HYDROLYC DEPARTMENT.
where is the hydrolyc department?	It is situated in M.H chowk, Udhampur.
how much time will it take for setting up a new connection?	it takes around 10-12 days.
what is the price of the new connection?	IS YOUR CONNECTION PRIVATE OR COMMERCIAL?
it is private.	Well, the price varies on the basis of the diameter of the pipe you are installing.
i want more details.	For more details, you can visit the offcial website -> www.hydrolicbase.gov.in.
elecricity queries	How can i help?
i want a new electricity connection	Commercial or residential?
residential.	okay, How can i help?
what is the charge per unit?	The charge per unit varies according to the area you are living in.
what is the charge in housing colony	Rs.8.5/- per unit.
is the electric supply 24x7?	Yes, if there are any power cuts, the notice is circulated in advance.
i want to replace my traditional meter with a smart meter.	For that, you will need to get your new smart meter checked by the elcetric engineer at the department and then submit the old one.
will i be provided a electrician by the department?	NO, SORRY.
is the government providing electricity subsidy?	Is the property residential?
yes	well, there are around first 300 units free and if it exceeds 300 units then you have to pay for all the extra units including the previous 300 ones.
will my saved units be added in the next month when my connection refreshes?	No, sorry that is not possible. 
where can i pay the electricity bill offline?	you can pay it on the branch of the bank mentioned on your electricity bill.
street lights issue	how may i help you?
two of the street lights in my area are not working	please specify your address and the department will look into the issue
housing colony	an engineer will be sent over to your address and get your issue fixed.In case, it takes time you can contact the department on 7689xx23.


